# Climate-expert-project---Motiv8

# Project Description

Description(https://www.szattari.com/projects): Human behavior is responsible for the relentless rise in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration from fossil fuel combustion, and the planet is on course for drastic climate change impacts in the decades to come. The impacts of climate change feel geographically and temporally distant and addressing climate change feels expensive and painful. One potentially useful but underdeveloped pathway for motivating public support of climate policies involves identifying, testing, and deploying powerful narratives that effectively present the drastic system-wide changes we need to stabilize carbon dioxide concentration and provide people pathways of achieving these goals. In this project we aim to investigate the narratives that Hoosiers use to imagine what a sustainable future could be in 50 or 100 years from now. Participants will identify pathways to achieve their sustainable futures that are self-generated rather than externally applied. These self-generated futures and pathways provide people emotional and cognitive scaffolding that allow people to compress time, bringing participants closer the distant future. A better understanding of how people imagine the future will inform the development of new narratives and stories that can inspire us to create a more sustainable state and nation. Stories allow us to fuse facts and feelings in a way that is powerful and complex. We aim to test how these self-generated stories can transform public support for decarbonization of our state. 

